 what is the one thing you want them to remember for the project?
Your Role: were you tasked with UI? UX? Project management?
Learnings: what would you do differently next time?
Background: why did you start this project in the first place?
Problem: what issue were you trying to solve with the project?
Approach: what methods did you try to solve the problem?
Conclusions: wha




You have a strong show-reel that demonstrates your creativity and range; and ideally you have formal training in video production, design, animation or motion design
You have a keen eye for design, a talent for animation and an infectious passion for creativity
You feel at home using After Effects – your tool of choice!
If you're not already familiar with C4D, you at least have some 3D experience and you're keen to learn
You have experience producing content for online marketing or you're excited by the opportunity to create engaging content that both builds our brand and generates revenue
You are equally comfortable working entirely independently, leading creative projects and supporting other members of the team
You speak English fluently (and some German would be a bonus)
Interest and experience in video/audio production and editing would be ideal
Strong illustration skills would be a plus
Experience with HTML5 banners, Lottie animations or other web/app-based animations would be a plus

Clearly define target audiences including key attributes, needs, motivations and barriers and collaborate with your business partners to refine marketing strategies to deliver an amazing customer experience.
Develop a deep understanding of, and compassion with, student, consumer, SMB and enterprise audiences through market research, insights and relationships with the customer base.
Drive execution of our go-to-market strategy for new offerings and our continually evolving existing product.
Develop value proposition, product positioning and messaging for the target segments and work collaboratively with world-wide internal teams (Campaign, PR, social, field, etc) to ensure its implementation across all customer and sales channels.
Ensure the strategy is working by monitoring measures of success, holding partner teams accountable for their piece of the puzzle, and ensuring that all pieces ladder up to the most effective path to the revenue and customer goals.
What is needed for success
3-5+ years product marketing experience
Familiarity with and passion for Adobe’s creative tools, specifically Illustrator
Think strategically to drive long term product and market strategies
Deeply results oriented and data driven. Excellent at quickly digesting new data, both qualitative and quantitative, and guiding strategies based on these insights.
Can drive global, cross-functional initiatives to successful completion
Have a growth mindset, approaching problems creatively and adopting rapid iterations
Have a high bar on delivering phenomenal customer experiences
Proven experience communicating and presenting data to partners and senior executives